#Paintcode+IBDesignable+IBInspectable - how to scale a UI element
In this Practice Project #3 I again only use a storyboard as I seek to understand how to scale a UI element to fit iPhone screen widths covering 3.5", 4", 4.7" and 5.5". This project's UI is built using Core Graphics as generated by the Paintcode App stylekit. I have also used @IBDesignable and IBInspectable to set up the UI classes with boolean operators and strings so that a form of customisation can be undertaken.

The UI is built to fit a 3.5" or 4" iPhone width. One the purposes of this practice project is to figure out how to scale the UI elements to fit the 4.7" and 5.5" width iPhones.

###Project Operation

Did I mention that I am a beginner Dev? Through some trial and error I am able to code the UIButtons so that they trigger a state change. The ViewController captures the touch event and the corresponding UIButton class for the object redraws the button based on which 'sender' received the touch event the corresponding boolean value that the event triggers.

The displayUI does not have any coding and therefore none of the labels will change.

###Questions/exploration.

1. the display UI element is built around a frame of size: 320 x 170. How does one scale the UI element when the 4.7" and 5.5" iPhone is used in portrait? *Note 1: the round button has a drawing frame of 40 x 60 and the square button has a frame of 45 x 60. Note 2: all frames should scale proportionally in line with the increase in width of the iPhone screen - in portrait.*
2.   how do you transfer data from an action of a Button? If I wished to say change the value of one the Display UI text data fields based on whether a particular button was pressed or not how would I achieve this? Because this UI is built using Core Graphics there is a need to redraw the Display UI element based on an event?
3.  should the data part of this question be moved out of the ViewController? This would leave the ViewController only aware of and actioning the touch events?

###Next items to explore

The next item to look at is what looks best for the UI when in Landscape.  For the 3.5" width the Display UI would take up more than the available space and therefore a less than 100% proportional factor would be used?
